Nanny, do you like to play Stealing Level Red?
That master, you don’t even look at it,
What kind of body do you want me to be suitable for the place where we play?
It has only taken me three years,
Just like the state of our Fujia Village's fighting spirit breaking the field, we can pull it out.
Now the company's profit is worth more every year,
and you can, run three times,
It's still the same bad thing about you.
The value of you and me is simply much greater than the value of man and madman.
The value of your madness is great, but it is less effective than yours.
Come and find out my identity.
your identity
Do you still want to say
What other identities do you have as a performer?
Didn't he just say
This time, the group came to help him.
His acting identity
Maybe it's right
Even Rouyue’s old self-born son
He is too affectionate and graceful
Even if he is 100%
in my eyes
Don’t just take pictures, focus on using them.
You can really blow it
Let me tell you the truth
I will represent our family tomorrow
But it’s a one-cent price for Qiandi from the group.
A coincidence of 10 billion
You just said we could sign this partnership
It’s also your income that belongs to the group.
This is not a coincidence
Let's make profit
Okay, take it apart.
You should wake up too
As long as you are willing to sign for divorce
My tomb family can try two million
Very useful
He tastes shopping
Two million accepted
Accounts of self-divorced individuals
It’s you who graduate
Then why do you need to gain
It's a shell
Which one of them is more successful?
What to eat for ten thousand years
You are so capable
Why do you need to earn such a expense?
You too, they are your two factions
Queen Mother, I am doing this.
You will get married tomorrow to Zhen Xunli
Grandma, I don’t want to get married.